Add changes related to api state change command (#1161)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/learn/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller.md

## Delete an API/API Product/Application in an environment
Follow the instructions below to delete an API/API Product/Application in an environment using CTL:

1.  Make sure that the WSO2 API Manager 3.1.0 version is started and that the 3.1.1 version of APTCTL is running.   
For more information, see [Download and Initialize the CTL Tool](#download-and-initialize-the-ctl-tool).

    !!! Note

>         Note that you need to have the latest patch release of APICTL 3.1.0 version (3.1.1) to use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Note that you need to have the APICTL version 3.1.1 or higher to use this feature.
```

            DefaultApplication Application deleted successfully!
            ``` 

## Change status of an API in an environment

> Follow the instructions below to change the status of an API in an environment using CTL:

Reviewer: shall we have a note that we need apictl 3.1.1 (or later) version is required?

Author: added

        ```

        !!! info
            **Flags:**  
            
            -   Required :  
                `--environment` or `-e` : Environment of which the API state should be changed  
                `--name` or `-n` : Name of the API to be state changed  
                `--version` or `-v` : Version of the API to be state changed  
                `--action` or `-a` : Action to be taken to change the status of the API
            -   Optional :  
                `--provider` or `-r` : Provider of the API to be state changed  

        !!! example
            ```bash
            apictl change-status api -a Publish -n PizzaShackAPI -v 1.0.0 -e dev -k
            ```
            ```bash
            apictl change-status api --action Publish --name PizzaShackAPI --version 1.0.0 --environment production --insecure
            ```    
            ```go
            apictl change-status api --action Publish --name PizzaShackAPI --version 1.0.0 --environment production --provider Alice --insecure
            ```  

    -   **Response**

        ```go
        PizzaShackAPI API state changed successfully!
        ```

> 

Reviewer: Shall we also add the list of supported "Actions"?

Author: done
